README.md, before:

# RokuController

Quick and dirty controller for multiple Roku TV based TV's. Inspired by the Roku developer reference app which didn't quite do what I wanted it to do. Hacked up in an afternoon and known to be working for my use cases.

Everything is working except for 'power on' which has issues if the TV's have been off for some time (1 hr or so?). I believe this is due to the TV's going into a deep sleep and no longer listening over HTTP? In this case, the physical remote is needed to initially power on the TV's.

Future potential improvements:

- Add support for the /launch (/Launch on my systems) API to direclty load channels. Need to determine how to get each apps APP_ID.

- ~~Add support to change volume by an arbitrary # of levels~~ (Done)

# Keyboard shortcuts supported:

Up/Down/Left/Right arrows for navigation

Enter for select

M to mute

J to incrase volume

K to decrease volume

H to switch input to home

C to switch input to HDMI 1 (Chromecast in my case)

1-5 to toggle TV as in scope for next operation

Commit message:

Added ability to launch a Roku channel.

README.md, after:

# RokuController

This project started out as a "quick and dirty" controller in an attempt to avoid purchasing a "smart remote" or otherwise solving for the challenge of being able to change the inputs, channel, volume, etc. for a collection of multiple television sets that all respond to the same remote.

The project is inspired by the [Roku Remote Tool](http://devtools.web.roku.com/RokuRemote/) application which supported most of the remote control functionality but required more back and fourth between modals than I wanted.

Everything is known to work in this project except for the following:

- For my setup, the 'power on' functionality only works if the TV's were last powered off in the last 30 to 60 minutes. I believe my TV's go into a deep sleep and stop responding to the API when this happens.
- Volume adjustment by increment is not exact. The TV's to not appear to store a queue of incoming requests and the lag time needed between commands appears to be variable. Currently set to include a delay between commands that seems to work best for my setup. Still helpful in more quickly increases or decreasing volume.

Future potential improvements I would like to make:

- Add support for the /launch API (/Launch on my systems) API to directly load channels. To do this I need to find out how to get each apps APP_ID field.
